how do you incorporate bring these just
wait for every class in and incorporate
them to your culture without a week's
shake-up practice real crack whoa
without a while incorporating just
goodbye my teaching line know the
audience masturbation my going over
certain things they hood of us I didn't
know lash is telling us everything
flame they miss a shot miss me miss
asylum I mean selling it keeps you off a
bike seating tickets you know that
builds their confidence and that makes
them more comfortable yeah I thanks
don't want to play want to play with
everyone you're only a year away from
the start of your college career what
sort of respect easy to give those
freshmen just to that character my own
season tell them to get ahead in their
schoolwork when once you get on getting
the big team or a rose as heck you guys
are flying out at least every two or
three days I'm the friction nice to work
hard but what do you defensive end is
the most important in life that's the
one thing that this to rest one thing
I've done a good job with in all season
personal defense obscure the better you
know
my tables now I know we've talked about
you know having spike here to be kind of
true back in with you how much for me is
it but now that you guys would probably
play together you know how nice is it
really been to have a guide you don't
have to play every second or the game
doing good spice has a really nice high
IQ know the game very well I've learned
I've actually learn some basic front
passing watch was a great pass I think
that's something a lot of people my job
is just to like the tea that goes
getting comfortable at patina build them
up and give them confidence like my
thing is the quicker that they learn
all phasing liability fit the bed yep
it's kind of the quicker he learns to
the longer you can be at your best
throughout the season we talked about
you know in March late so many minutes
it was only natural to wear down the
quicker he gets up to speed maybe the
longer you can last yeah definitely not
think so not know I know I know fact
that he's like I said yes very high IQs
here help us out a lot I think that's
something that we were missing lashing
have a couple more options this year far
as like handling the ball teams like
Arkansas and that pressure washer better
or be my pressure i think i think would
be able to handle certain starts games
this year anybody graduating with more
advanced level feel the guys have told
me that you returner than anyone else
during this offseason what was really
your mentality
just stay in the gym say container gay
reps at watch a lot of films we
basically learn the office to two teams
around teaching to depression away from
coat and other things is lower body for
felony for like that was something out i
was missing ashley our lower body bony
mean they still is but i'll just just
picking up some more ways over there you
gotta go go everyone everyone took a lot
of ways not a lot of weight